Support sudirectories in assets folder (#349)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/README.md

Further information about the `sample-project` can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/packages/algob/sample-project/README.md)

**NOTE**:

> a) Subdirectories are also supported while placing smart contract files in `/assets`. For example, you can place your pyTEAL files in `assets/pyteal/<file.py>`.
> b) If `algobpy` package is placed directly in `/assets` folder, then all it's files during compilation are ignored. Read more about usage of `algobpy` [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/docs/guide/py-teal.md#external-parameters-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) You can put smart contracts directly in `/assets` directory as well as in `/assets` subdirectory. For example, you can store your PyTEAL files in `assets/pyteal/<file.py>`.
b) By default `algobpy` package (a helper package to pass compilation parameters to PyTEAL programs) is  stored in `/assets/algobpy` folder. `algob` is looking for all `.py` and `.teal` files when loading smart contracts, except files stored in `/assets/algobpy`. You can use store more custom Python modules in `/assets/algobpy` to avoid name conflicts. Read more about usage of `algobpy` [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/docs/guide/py-teal.md#external-parameters-support).
```

Further information about the `sample-project` can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/packages/algob/sample-project/README.md)

**NOTE**:
a) You can put smart contracts directly in `/assets` directory as well as in `/assets` subdirectory. For example, you can store your PyTEAL files in `assets/pyteal/<file.py>`.

> b) By default `algobpy` package (a helper package to pass compilation parameters to PyTEAL programs) is  stored in `/assets/algobpy` folder. `algob` is looking for all `.py` and `.teal` files when loading smart contracts, except files stored in `/assets/algobpy`. You can use store more custom Python modules in `/assets/algobpy` to avoid name conflicts. Read more about usage of `algobpy` [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/docs/guide/py-teal.md#external-parameters-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b) By default `algobpy` package (a helper package to pass compilation parameters to PyTEAL programs) is  stored in `/assets/algobpy` folder. `algob` is looking for all `.py` and `.teal` files when loading smart contracts, except files stored in `/assets/algobpy`. You can use the `/assets/algobpy` directory to store custom Python modules and conflicts when loading TEAL smart contracts. Read more about usage of `algobpy` [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/docs/guide/py-teal.md#external-parameters-support).
```
